Gifthealth - Software Engineer Senior- job post
Gifthealth
2.3
2.3 out of 5 stars
Columbus, OH 43228•Remote
$160,000 - $200,000 a year
Gifthealth
Columbus, OH 43228•Remote
$160,000 - $200,000 a year
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Skills

Version control

Software testing

Ruby on Rails
+ show more

Do you have experience in Version control?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

$160,000 - $200,000 a year
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Health insurance
&nbsp;
Full job description
Description:
About Gifthealth

Gifthealth is on a mission to bring an easier, more affordable pharmacy experience to patients and providers around the country. In less than a year, we have served thousands of patients and are expanding nationally at a rapid pace. Health is our most precious gift. And our team believes it should be a priority, not a privilege. We are Gifthealth.

About the Technology Team

The technology team at Gifthealth is where the innovation happens. We’re responsible for developing and maintaining the software that powers all of our customer and internal facing products. Our software is used by patients, providers, pharmacies, and our own internal staff across the US.

Key Responsibilities

Create innovative solutions to meet our company’s business and technical needs.
Design, develop, and maintain high-quality software and test suites.
Work on a highly collaborative and talented development team.
Troubleshoot system issues and monitor performance.
Collaborate with clients and cross-functional teams to develop solutions that meet requirements and compliance standards.
Participate in code reviews and provide feedback to other engineers.
Requirements:
Requirements

Strong proficiency in Ruby and Rails (or similar technologies), test suites (ex. minitest), and third party API integrations (ex. Twilio, Stripe, etc.).
Proficiency in frontend technologies like Bootstrap, CSS, Javascript, etc.
Proficiency in database technologies like Postgres.
Experience with software development tools and processes such as Git, pull requests, Agile, etc.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively with cross-functional teams
Ability to take abstract business concepts and translate them into technical deliverables.
At least 5 years of professional software engineering experience.
What We Offer

Competitive compensation based on experience and performance
Healthcare benefits covered by Gifthealth
Highly rewarding role solving real-world challenges for people who depend on access to
affordable medication
Generous vacation package
Flexible working environment and yes...we really mean that